Revamp contribution guides (#1041)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/contributing/overview/index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Overview: Contributing to Radius"
linkTitle: "Overview"
description: "Guides and requirements for contributing to Radius"
weight: 100
---

We welcome contributions to Radius! Contributions can come in different ways such as engaging with the community, contributing code, or improving the documentation. This page provides an overview of the different ways you can contribute to Radius.

## Community

Check out the [Radius Community]({{< ref community >}}) page to learn about the different ways you can engage with the Radius community.

## GitHub

If you would like to file Issues, access the source code, or use Codespaces please visit the [Radius GitHub repo](https://github.com/radius-project). 

### good-first-issues

> To quickly get started with contributing to code on Radius, here are some identified [good-first-issues](https://aka.ms/radius-first-issues) that you can `/assign` to yourself and start contributing. 

Reviewer: For links to outside pages, such as GitHub in this case, could you add a button below the section please?

### Contributing to Radius

Check out the following table to learn where and how you can contribute:

> | Repository | Description | Contribution guides |

Reviewer: Could you add samples to this list please?

|------------|-------------|---------------------|
| **Radius** | Main repository that contains source code for [`rad` CLI]((https://github.com/radius-project/radius/blob/main/docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-cli/running-rad-cli.md)), [control plane]((https://github.com/radius-project/radius/blob/main/docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-control-plane/README.md)) and other components of Radius | [radius-project/radius](https://github.com/radius-project/radius/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)|

> | **Docs** | Documentation for Radius | [[Contributing to docs]]({{< ref contributing-docs>}})|

Reviewer: This has extra brackets: 
<img width="221" alt="image" src="https://github.com/radius-project/docs/assets/54363786/d28a88d1-3888-4076-811c-35cd0ba77cfa">

Reviewer: and it doesn't match the pattern of the others

Author: thanks for catching..updated the format

| **Recipes** | Commonly used [Recipe](https://docs.radapp.io/recipes) templates for Radius Environments | [radius-project/recipes](https://github.com/radius-project/recipes/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) |(https://github.com/radius-project/recipes/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) |
| **Dashboard** | The frontend experience for Radius |[radius-project/dashboard](https://github.com/radius-project/dashboard/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) |

> | **Bicep** |  Language and tools which includes the application model as a set of types which will eventually be merged with https://github.com/azure/bicep | [radius-project/bicep](https://github.com/radius-project/bicep/blob/radius-compiler/CONTRIBUTING.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Bicep** |  Temporary fork of the [Bicep repo](https://github.com/azure/bicep) used to inject the Radius types into the Bicep language. Contains both the Bicep CLI and the Bicep VS Code extension. | [radius-project/bicep](https://github.com/radius-project/bicep/blob/radius-compiler/CONTRIBUTING.md) |
```

> ### Troubleshooting common issues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting common issues
```

Maybe this should be a h2 if Visual Studio is a sub of it?

Author: it shd be h3..updated it

> ### Troubleshooting common issues

Reviewer: This section seems like it would be better off in the common issues page.

Reviewer: Now that it's been moved into common issues we can remove it from here
